I'm sexy
dude I said play something to get them
pumped out that was Whitney right there
though from the 80s member birds and 80s
whoops you got all crackdowns everything
or Whitney the 80s with me and MTV you
components you be on TV you get off the
bus mother and father at work she's on
TV joy that's my mother and every woman
in Maine over the age of 17 that
unbelievably hooked into the weather
they know everything about the weather
where it's coming from when it started
how they felt about it the temperature
differences who were they were with
would it change Jesus Christ Bobby I was
over at walnut packing line with Phyllis
Bonnie eight degrees out of body
finally had on a shot please sure I've
got a jab with that hand before the
fucking tasty block and the hurricane
came hard to do you alright
trust me we're gonna be fine in Maine
with the hurricane but my mother she was
just about you